Note: Different color only means different functions, not different people.


Make a function for sign-in
Tell the user Welcome to Signing in Function or something like that
First, ask the user for username and password
Take the username and password and search it up in the CSV file
if the username is “Admin” and the password is “ChangeMe4”:
	Run the admin function
Admin function:
	Welcome admin
	Display a numbered list with usernames and passwords
	
	Change, remove, add scores, or quit
	If change:
		Ask the admin to select a number
		Display specific information about that user
		Ask the admin if they want to change 1. Username, 2. Password, or 3. Score
	If remove:
		Ask the admin which user account to remove
		Remove all account information
		Reset numbers
	If add:
		Admin is prompted to enter a username, password, and score
		Insert account into CSV file
	If quit:
		Log-in function
IF the username and password match, say it's valid
say something like, your information is saved
bring them to the game that Zane and Briggs are working on
Using the username and password, get the highscore information
IF there is no matching data, tell the user that it is invalid and try again.
Make a function for checking overlapping usernames with parameters
Take the username that the user input in the function for signing up, and basically ‘search it up.’ I already made a function like that, so I will use that
If the search is false
Tell the user that their username is original and good
If the search is true
Tell the user that the username is already taken

Function for password strength checker with the parameter of password 
Take the password that the user gives
 Check if password is at least 8 characters
 print yes or no, and print yes if valid, and add a point
 Check for uppercase letters
 print yes or no, and print yes if valid, and add a  point
 do variable equals false for everything
 do if for everything
 Check for lowercase letters
 print yes or no, and print yes if valid, and add a  point
 Check for lowercase letters
 print yes or no, and print yes if valid, and add a  point
 Check for numbers
 print yes or no, and print yes if valid, and adda  point
 Check for special characters
 print yes or no, and print yes if valid, and add a point
make a variable for special characters
If the password contains a character in the special character variable, set the variable to true.
If the password is “password,” tell the user that they are dumb
Make a variable for saying if it's good or not, maybe something like “validity_of_password.”
If the score <= 2:
    Say "Password strength: Weak."
Validity_of_password equals False
If the  score == 3:
    Say "Password strength: Moderate."
	Validity_of_password equals true
elif score == 4:
    Say "Password strength: Strong."
	Validity_of_password equals true
elif score == 5:
    Say "Password strength: Very Strong."
	Validity_of_password equals true
    Show score


Make a function for signing up
Say welcome to the signing up function
first, ask for a new username
call the function for checking overlapping usernames
And then ask for a password
call the function for the password strength checker with the password given
if the password is false, make it so they have to make a new password
if it's all valid, add the information of username and password, and set the score to 0
send the user to the game

